Translate student getting started guide (#495)
dodona-edu/dodona-edu.github.io: en/guides/students/getting-started/index.md

---
title: "Getting Started with Dodona as a Student"
description: "Tutorial: getting started with Dodona as a student"
order: 1
---

# Getting Started with Dodona as a Student

> On this page, you will find all the information you need to get started with Dodona as a student.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On this page, you will find all the information you need to get started with Dodona as a student.
```

Author: see https://github.com/dodona-edu/dodona-edu.github.io/pull/494#discussion_r1963255950

## What is Dodona?

> Dodona is an online practice platform for learning programming. The web application was developed at Ghent University to support practical sessions for large groups of students. Dodona focuses primarily on the automatic testing and feedback for submitted solutions to programming exercises. Currently, Dodona supports the programming languages Python, JavaScript, Java, Kotlin, C#, bash, Prolog, Haskell, and R.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dodona is an online exercise platform for learning to code. The web application was developed at Ghent University to support practical sessions for large groups of students. Dodona focuses primarily on the automatic testing and feedback for submitted solutions to programming exercises. Currently, Dodona supports the programming languages Python, JavaScript, Java, Kotlin, C#, bash, Prolog, Haskell, and R.
```

The list of languages is not up to date. At least sql and html are missing. Maybe even more through tested?
